Bump version to 0.0.1-alpha.35 (#1918)
astral-sh/ty: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## 0.0.1-alpha.35

Released on 2025-12-16.

### Bug fixes

> - Fix panic for stringified set comprehension in type expression ([#21967](https://github.com/astral-sh/ruff/pull/21967))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix panic for stringified comprehensions and boolean expressions in type expression ([#21967](https://github.com/astral-sh/ruff/pull/21967))
```

- Avoid stack overflow when determining inferable typevars ([#21971](https://github.com/astral-sh/ruff/pull/21971))

> - Fix false invalid-override diagnostic on method that uses `Callable` with a `ParamSpec` ([#21934](https://github.com/astral-sh/ruff/pull/21934))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix false `invalid-override` diagnostic on method that uses `Callable` with a `ParamSpec` ([#21934](https://github.com/astral-sh/ruff/pull/21934))
```
